# Vision Statement

Study with me is a product that allows students to study and learn alone or together in the same place at any time. This product is to help students stay organised while studying, giving them easy access to their notes, reminders, flashcards, learning resources, and quiz games, while also keeping them motivated to learn more. <br><br>
The application is primarily designed for students. It will permit them to create sections for their courses by creating chapters and other categories to keep their notes organized. The students will be able to view, edit, delete notes. They would also be able to make notes as a group at the same time or different times so that they would be to read what they may have missed during a class. They would also be able to find specific notes.<br> <br>
Students would be able to get reminders for the things they are supposed to do like assignments or quizzes that are due, midterms that are coming up, and projects that they need to finish.They would also be able to set reminders for study sessions. This is to help them remember the things they have to get done before it is past the due dates. The students will be able to decide when they want these reminders to be sent to them and how often it would be repeated.<br> <br>
The software would be able to suggest which of the notes, written by the student,should be read based on how often the student reviews it. The least-read note would be highly recommended because it would tell the student that they have not finished their work in that note or that they have not read it in a while and they need to finish their work or go over what they have learned. Their most-read notes would be least recommended as they heavily review these notes.   <br><br>
The product will also allow students to make flashcards and play games amongst themselves. The flashcards will be made by the students and it would be available for use whenever they want to use it. They can also be used in a game, where the students can go answer the questions on the cards and be awarded with points if they get it right. This allows them to challenge themselves. With the flashcards,the students will also be able to review what they have learned so far. Leaderboards will be created to encourage them to acquire more knowledge so they can get to the top or remain at the top. <br><br>
This product is designed with the idea of making learning and studying easy and fun for students. It is to provide all the resources that they need in one place, so that it would be manageable for them and it would make it easy for them to stay up-to-date. <br><br>
The product is considered successful if the average of the star rating is 3 or above out of 5, which is to be determined by a survey that would be conducted by 10 university students and 10 non-university students. 
